I'm standing here with Susan Smith our
women's bodybuilding overall champion
and new IFBB Pro here at the 2014 NPC
nationals
dream come true you got it yes yes it's
so exciting two years ago you were a
third place here and I know you were
very upset you didn't get the pro card
this was your first national show and I
said next time you come back you will be
a pro yes and your prediction was
correct and you know the cheaters off
was good it gave me an opportunity to
make some improvements that I needed to
make so much way have you gained in the
last two years let's see I was 153 at
the weigh-in and in 2012 I was 146 so
seven pounds sort of strategically
placed and you were and you're leaner
here yes yes I am you had a good year
you that you won two weeks ago you won
the year with the qualifier at the NPC
Oklahoma City Grand Prix live on rx
muscles calm by the way you guys can
catch that replay came in here a nervous
wreck and and you not only won the
heavyweight class but you won the
overall against some very good girls
that there were you nervous in the when
you got up there for the overall I I
felt like I had done what I needed to do
and I was just gonna let the chips fall
where they may look I was he look like
you you were more relaxed at doing the
overall than you were in your class
yes I felt very peaceful during the
overall you had the pro card ready yeah
yeah I think that was the ultimate goal
coming here was to get the pro card and
the overall has just really been icing
on the cake people in the audience again
people in the audience were yelling
Whitney Houston they said the hair so it
works you yes yes oh yeah I got a lot of
compliments on my hair so I liked it and
I've made a lot of people even babcha
carrillo gave you a very big compliment
and robin chang now you're an
anesthesiologist by day body builder by
night and you were able to combine the
two disciplines and come out on top here
with the pro card now you have the the
really good ability to to move from
bodybuilding to women's physique I know
you and I have talked about that before
is is this something that you might
contemplate for the 2015 season
because I love competing I love
competing and I love lifting weights and
so that seems physique seems to be the
division of the future and I think I
probably should hop on board and after
seeing Julianne Malik corny when the
Olympia who is a more muscular physique
competitor that's got it you know that's
got to be a farewell for you yes yes
absolutely I love her look I love her
now you know you probably have a lot of
people you want to say thank you to so
here's your your opportunity look into
that camera and tell the people you
would like to say thank you to because I
know there's a lot of supports going on
when you get ready for a show oh my gosh
so many people thank you first of all to
my trainer and friend and mentor Dave
Palumbo yes absolutely thank you so much
Dave and my friend Mark flammie who flew
out from Chicago to see me get my pro
card gosh my sister to thank her for her
support colleagues at work I have an
awesome boss dr. Tony Jones thank you so
much for your support and all of the
other people at my gym 24e in Hoover
Alabama who have been incredible and
supportive and encouraging for the
entire 20 weeks of this prep I
appreciate you guys so much drove the
more crazy right I probably did I
probably did congratulations on the win
not only you the overall champion here
tonight you're an IFBB Pro and you got
to get to enjoy the spoils of your
victim absolutely say that again you are
an IFBB Pro yes
you